1. On BridgeGrid, change the value of discount and/or noise so that agent attemps to corss the bridge.

a. When noise = 0.0, the agent attempts to cross the bridge. This is because
noise determines "how often action results in unintended direction". Therefore,
if the noise is 0.0, then the agent will always go the correct direction.

b. Checking a wide range of discount parameters, there is no discount value that
causes the agent to attempt a crossing. This is because discount determines how
much future moves affect the action taken. Since, all the moves are 0 across the
bridge and the falling off is -100.00, it is always better to stay in the current
state (the initial state).

c. If noise is close in magnitude to 0.0 or 1.0, then the agent will attempt to
cross the bridge. Increasing discount increases the values of the states between
the two ends (the most opposite states in terms of position) of the bridges.

2. On DiscountGrid, for each task, give an assignment of discount, noise, and livingReward (or not possible) if it can't be done.

a. discount = 0.2, noise = 0.0, livingReward = 0.0

b. discount = 0.3, noise = 0.3, livingReward = 0.3

c. discount = 0.7, noise = 0.0, livingReward = 0.3

d. discount = 0.9, noise = 0.5, livingReward = 0.3

e. discount = 0.0, noise = 0.5, livingReward = 0.8

3. Describe the grid world instance you added to Grids.py.
   What interesting decisions does it force the agent to make?
   How are those decisions affected by the agent's parameters?

   The grid world instance we added has the agent start in the center and on the
   corners are 4 positive payoffs with increasing values and between the center
   and the corners are 4 negative payoffs reflecting the opposite of the
   positive payoffs. It forces the agent to decide between high risk high reward,
   or to just play it safer.

   With a lower noise, the agent will go for the highest reward because there is
   less of a chance for it to mess up and reach the negative payoff. The way
   discount affects the agent also depends on the noise. If the noise is low,
   and the discount is high, the agent will want to go down and right to the
   +4 payoff because it is thinking about the future more and wants the higher
   reward. If the noise is high and the discount is low, the agent will go left
   and then it doesn't really care if it reaches +1 or +2 payoff because it is
   not thinking about the future that much and only wants to avoid the higher in
   magnitude negative values (-3 and -4). With a higher living reward, the agent
   will want to go toward the left, because the negative payoffs are less
   extreme so it'll have a "better" chance of living. Therefore, there are a wide
   arrange of end results based on the parameters.
